person
I took it to the Duke's Mansion for you and let you drop the money
But you remember
You only have three days.
Untie him
Oops, it still tastes good.
Are you all right?
Can you hear me?
OK
Oh, right, right.
I forgot.
You scum
Shameless
Even if you beat me to death
I will also follow you.
Ah.
Why kill you?
If you want to persecute a woman
There are better ways
Hey what are you doing
I am a famous ugly woman in Rakshasa
In our Gada
You are the beauty of beauties
villain
You don't want to get any benefit from me
Oh no no no no no no no
I'm scared, okay?
I'm out of luck
Joking with a man who admits death
What a scumbag like you said
I don't believe it at all
If it weren't for me
You've already become cannon fodder for killing chickens and monkeys
Now you can stand here and curse
Isn't that great luck?
Don't think I don't know you just want to take advantage
You don't really think I do anything
You have to.
The third leader of the insurgent army
Sounds awesome.
But what about reality?
You've been arrested for more than ten days
Did the vat ever try to save you?